fix: Fix JSON stream logging (#457)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/sour-camels-fry.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/orchestration': minor
---

[Fixed Issue] Fix logging bug when using streaming with JSON client.

> [New Functionality] Add option to set global streaming options in orchestration client class instantiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Functionality] Add `streaming` option in the `OrchestrationModuleConfig` type to set global streaming options.
```
